	1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	ans: by using remote repository we can update and do changes in local without effecting the code of central servrer repository as well as in a distrubuted environment like structure multible programmers work on the same project so having remote repository which save changes of all of them is very usefull.

	2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	ans: there is might local user dont want to incorporate all changes made on the remote computer so it is always prefreable to pull changes rather than having  git automaitcally stay up-to-date.

	3. Describe the difference between forks, clones and branches. when would you use one instead of another ?
	ans: forks copy the repository from others user to ours on github servers. where as clone copies repository from the git hub servers to our local maching and branches are the labeling feature of git to create branches for experimental or updating code.

	4. what is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	ans: the benefit of having copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally can give us to update the document or code with recent updated or sync.

	5. how would you collaborate without using git or github? what would be easier and  what would be harder?
	ans: i didn't code yet with collaboration with group of peoples git is the best tool to code with collaborating with others.

	6. when would you want to make changes in a seperate branch rather than directly in master? what benefits does each approach have?
	ans: we use seperate branch when we want to add a new feature or an experimental features that should not effect the current working version of the project which is in master.  by doing it in the master branch we may want to suffer many problems as well as where many developers working on same project seperate branches for each of them is quit usefull and after completion of each of others task they can merge in the master.